extend the Coleman Galileo 8/10 a
maximum proportions with the Galileo
eight side extension quick and easy to
set up the spacious model specific
extension is perfect for increasing your
living or storage space on the campsite
offering increased comfort and
convenience on longer holidays the site
extensions generous dimensions make it
the perfect dining area or an ideal home
for luggage bikes or even the dock a
tough polyethylene ground sheet with Ray
sites helps to keep the weather out
while the polyester fly sheet features a
hydrostatic head of 3,000 millimetres
tape seams and rain flaps to keep the
rain at bay the fly sheet is fire
retardant and is also treated with
coleman's UV guard for protection from
the sun's ultraviolet rays while
multiple large PVC windows with covers
provide a bright and sunny interior the
Coleman Galileo eight side extension can
be pitched on either side of the tent
and features a simple two pole
construction assemble the fiberglass
poles then simply push them through the
mesh pole sleeves and insert pins into
the bottom of the poles lift the
extension and place it against the tent
throw the webbing straps over the tent
roof and peg on the other side move the
extension forward and peg the central
guideline for support
continue to peg out and adjust then peg
the guylines attach the removable ground
sheet using the color-coded toggles and
PEG down
the Coleman Galileo 8 with side
extension for home from home comfort for
the family
you